+++
type = "subheader"
title = ""
+++

### About Me
I am a 4th year **Mechatronics Engineering** student at the University of Waterloo, graduating in April 2023. I am experienced in **Mechanical and Electrical design** with a little over **3 years experience** in each. I have used tools such as Altium, Eagle, Fusion360, Solidworks, and many others over those 3 years. I am experienced in the full prototyping process, from design to assembly and testing. I also have **9 years of programming experience**, and have experience using low level languages such as **C**, **C++**, and **8086 Assembly** as well as high level languages such as **Java** and **Python** as well as everything in between. I have also recently acquired experience in **Digital Hardware design** for both intel and xilinx FPGAs using **VHDL**. I am incredibly interested in **Sensor Design** and **Control Systems**, an interest which ignited during my time at AdHawk Microsystems in Fall 2021 where I worked on their eye-tracking technology. I also have a passion for Electrical and Mechanical design, and thrive in diverse environments which require skills across the whole product cycle.

In my free time I enjoy a variety of pass times, from rock climbing, skiing, and surfing, to playing music on the drums or playing board games with friends. I also have a strong passion for game design, which I persue through short game jams and the other projects displayed on my website. I am passionate about the work I do both at work and in my free time, and I always strive to soak up knowledge where I can to add to my own abilities and improve the quality of the results I produce.